yo what is going on guys my name is
chaotic and today we're going to be
showing you a new zombie glitch on the
map buried in black ops 2 which allows
you to get on top of the barrier on the
side of the railing in the barn so what
you want to do for this glitch is go
behind the railing and you will feel the
barrier is curved but once you've gone
around the curvature of the barrier will
then begin to straighten out once it
does what you want to do is stop you
don't to jump and crouch and your land
on top of the barrier on the side of the
railing what you can then do is very
slowly move to the left and once you
behind the hay bale you'll then be
invincible for zombies and we also form
a zombie pile up glitch with a zombie to
pile up on the other side of the hay
bale this glitch can be quite difficult
at first however as long as you keep on
trying eventually you'll be able to hit
it and once you know where the barrier
is you should be able to do this just
about every time this can be quite
useful glitch especially if you want to
get to a high round or just rack up a
load of points and you can also get up
three people in this glitch as well as
being able to knife a zombies if you
crouch so anyway guys I hope you've
enjoyed this video and this glitch the
founder of this glitch will be in the
description to feel free to go and check
them out and subscribe I would also
appreciate it if you guys could take a
few seconds of your time to give this
video a like and also leave a comment
tell me what you thought and if you
haven't subscribe to my channel ready
then please do i upload all the latest
and the greatest black ops 2 glitches so
anyway guys thank you for watching and
I'll see you guys next time back with
you back yes when I build up that dick
like a sticker one in New
stop it im mean are you trying to get
back in with my keys in your pocket I
can't even watch it when the cars are
turning floppy it's like I need some
fans cuz I'm feeling like I lost red you
got it i love your chest out i forget
that tight dress let me touch you left
already back at that reverse text back
when it was the best your back when we
were still friends when I will come home
every night and have the best sex
drunker than never been try to find them
girl fuck you happy looking out I ever
let you make me feel guilty and I
knowing that you will regret bitch